on the toyota beach
the club
just as nice to the civil court
everyone makes the loss
a simple one
let you be a member
with the discussion
it's a little bit
suu kyi
take those things out
and it shows
that actually there
how can to
so much music is on such a small dash
and how does it happen?
suzuka park
in michael jackson
is on the issue
so I have to live with all members of the boyzone
according to a newspaper has given up today has found a new way
To earn money
the choice for
you look at the music industry sol
also beautiful
that is interesting and certainly interesting
he is going to apply 4 but we also do that according to
to make music
just as sweet the own all along as there is a lot of playing time
it has been going on for him for a year and a half
I'm going to copy them hot just like a vacation for money
according to but that is not allowed
then it is not allowed then it is not allowed
a fuel cell
and how are you going to do that
change that
hell yes
Yes Yes
good luck to answer no
yes and no music mayday
Yes really
it could be seen at the parents' house at grandfather's and grandmother's attic
the long playing plate
the music used to be listened to with the help of these things
but thirty years ago then that changed
against rcd
machines and sony
A year later the first CD players appeared in the stores
they were incredibly expensive
only after the minister has made a start and the first race appears in the store
everyone could pay a bit for the cd player
compared to those along many places on this cd they have a huge number of advantages
smaller
pay more attention and the quality is better preserved, but how exactly
works that did is here in the building everything from and that's why we go there
take a look now
but underlined handy is that we know now
but now about the operation
next to me p sits the spelling employed at a major and the manufacturer paul on
to eat
letter a great wall street
ma to start the cd became digital
I first have to tell the army about that
digital actually means
I don't like the CD just like shelter for mclaren
it is coded first
a bargain
he stands
he was very mean that the translation is now a kind of computer language
as you might have had mountains of computers with just now
the goal is for that reason too
in fact there are only new and open connections
it is a player with a computer screen
and they make the music out of it
I've never had a cross-section of vd's support here
increase very far
This is indeed a plastic protective layer that is very thin
aluminum days
in need of a new challenge
van persie in the forefront bull and then that's not a point that is a
shrinkage
and that there are several and one of their baby
how you read
the cd player is such a cd
that is a very good question 6 it is the central point of RVV playing
life
jesus wife
who goes through the presikhaaf one
last year k